docs: add database reset instructions and update ngrok setup for local development (#13677)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/developing-locally.md

If you're a PostHog employee, you can get access to paid features on your local instance to make development easier. [Learn how to do so in our internal billing guide](https://github.com/PostHog/billing?tab=readme-ov-file#licensing-your-local-instance).

## Extra: Resetting your local database

If you need to start fresh with a clean database (for example, if your local data is corrupted or you want to test the initial setup), follow these steps:

1. Stop all PostHog services and remove all Docker volumes:

    ```bash
    docker compose down -v

>     ```

Author: Done [here](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/41463)

    This will remove all data stored in Docker volumes, including your PostgreSQL, ClickHouse, and Redis data.

2. Start PostHog again:

    ```bash
    hogli start
    ```

    Or if you're not using Flox:

    ```bash
    ./bin/start
    ```

3. Wait for all migrations to complete. You can monitor the logs to ensure migrations have finished running.

4. Once PostHog is running, click the **generate-demo-data** button in the UI, then type `r` to generate test data.

> > **Note:** This process will completely wipe your local database. Make sure you don't have any important local data before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This process will completely wipe your local databases (not only Postgres and Clickhouse but also any assets you might have in Dagster or schedules in Temporal). Make sure you don't have any important local data before proceeding.
```
